# This file contains configuration variables used in the simulation. Format:
# [source name]            [value] [description]

# System properties
isFullScreenEnabled         0      # initial toggle of fullscreen window


# Environment properties
isPointLightingEnabled      1      # initial toggle of point/direction lighting

lightPositionX              0.0    # x position of light source
lightPositionY              2.0    # y position of light source
lightPositionZ              0.0    # z position of light source
backgroundColourRed         0.5    # brightness of red colour (0 - 1.0)
backgroundColourGreen       0.5    # brightness of green colour (0 - 1.0)
backgroundColourBlue        0.5    # brightness of blue colour (0 - 1.0)


# Scene properties
areFacesEnabled             1      # initial toggle of fractal facets
areNormalsEnabled           0      # initial toggle of vertex normals
isWireframeEnabled          0      # initial toggle of fractal wireframe
isCullingEnabled            0      # initial toggle of vertex culling
isOutlineEnabled            0      # initial toggle of model outline
normalLength                0.02   # length of the visualised normal lines
outlineSize                 2.0   # model size multiplier for outline size

wireframeColourRed          0.8    # brightness of wireframce red colour
wireframeColourGreen        0.8    # brightness of wireframce green colour
wireframeColourBlue         0.0    # brightness of wireframce blue colour
wireframeColourAlpha        1.0    # alpha value of wireframce colour
outlineColourRed            0.0    # brightness of outline red colour
outlineColourGreen          0.8    # brightness of outline green colour
outlineColourBlue           0.0    # brightness of outline blue colour
outlineColourAlpha          1.0    # alpha value of outline colour

# Camera properties
cameraMovementSpeed         1.0    # movement speed of freemode camera
cameraTurnSensitivity       0.2    # mouse movement/scroll sensitivity
cameraFov                   45     # field of view
